[chorus] K-DTV!
[woman] You're watching K-DTV,
the premier cable channel
of the San Fernando Valley.
-[phone ringing]
-[string instruments playing]
[grunts, sighs]
[ominous military march playing]
-Hello?
-Olga.
Hello.
It is Zoya, your identical twin sister.
Oh, hello.
I'm sorry it take so long to answer phone.
As you know,
I have severely deformed foot.
It was mangled
by agricultural conveyor belt in childhood
and has never fully recovered...
Yes, I know. Is only discernible
difference between us.
-[audience laughs]
-Except now, there is one more.
I have small child.
Zoya...
you have given birth?
Of course nyet.
I am frigid and barren
like Siberian tundra.
[audience laughs]
Yes, I recall, was cruel nickname
of yours in high school.
Shut up!
I have kidnapped the small daughter
of great American rival Liberty Belle,
and I'm holding her at fortress,
guarded by evil minion.
Plan is to indoctrinate her
into Marxist thought
and sell her to highest bidder.
You help find motivated buyer,
I split money with you. Goodbye.
That was my sister Zoya.
What did she say?
She has kidnapped child
of great American rival Liberty Belle.
Now she wants my help to sell her,
but as you know, I am the good twin.
I have decided.
I will help Liberty Belle
retrieve lost child
and foil sister's evil plot.
I must board the next goat for America.
Next goat? Don't you mean "boat"?
What am I, made of rubles?
-[audience laughs]
-I have only money for goat journey.
[audience applauds and cheers]
[upbeat music playing]
From the Hayworth Hotel
in Los Angeles, California,
it's GLOW,
the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling!
[energetic rock music playing]
[mouthing]
[Bash] On tonight's GLOW,
it's science versus magic
as Britannica squares off
against Black Magic.
And the main event,
Liberty Belle's search for her daughter
leads her straight into a death match
with Vicky Viking.
All this and more on GLOW,
the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling!
Here we goat.
-[audience laughs]
-Okay. [grunts]
America or bust!
[goat bleats]
-[upbeat flute music playing]
-[gong sounds]
Wow!
-[camel grunts]
-Whoa!
-[chiming]
-[gasps]
What?
[camera shutters clicking]
Hollywood, what a country!
For first time, little goat,
you can eat hamburger
without committing cannibalism!
And we have tickets to Cats!
[chewing loudly]
Yes, I know it's touring production,
but what you expect?
[continues chewing]
What's that?
I am forgetting true purpose here?
You are right, little goat.
I must find Liberty Belle and tell her
I know where small daughter is.
And you must see Cats alone.
[audience] Aw!
[sighs] All right, Thomas,
that should do it. [chuckles]
Now I just need to turn the power on,
and soon, our conversations will not be
so one-sided,
-for you will have life, my darling.
-[electricity crackles]
Life. [cackles]
[grunts] From hunk of plastic
to hunk of man. [grunting]
[electricity crackling]
Thomas?
-Are you alive yet?
-[audience laughs]
Oh! [crying] I don't understand.
-It worked on the rubber chicken.
-[woman cackling]
[thunder rumbling]
[cackles]
Who are you?
How did you get in here?
I am Black Magic!
And I have come to help you.
I can take the "quin" out of mannequin
and leave you with the tasty man.
But it will cost you something dear.
[laughs]
What?
-Your brain!
-[thunder rumbles]
My brain? But I need my brain for work.
Not if you have a man to take care of you.
[audience laughs]
Let me turn Thomas real,
and forget all your other ambitions.
Well, I have been ever so lonely.
Can you give me a minute to think it over?
[sighs] Very well.
I will go to the restroom. [cackles]
Okay.
-[sighs] Don't worry, Glowbot.
-[Glowbot beeps]
I'd never give up my smarts.
Not even for Thomas.
At least, not before backing them up
on a floppy.
[beeps]
[Britannica] There.
I'll just tie a string around my finger
to remind myself
to reinstall my old intelligence,
and I should be ready to go.
-[toilet flushes]
-[audience laughs]
I am back from the restroom.
Have you made your decision?
-You can have my brain.
-[laughs]
Anything for love!
Your priorities are in the right place,
Britannica.
[chanting spell]
Devil's tingles, warm this man
so that he feels
that he must pay for meals!
-He'll open jars and help with chores.
-[Glowbot whirs and beeps]
-And you'll be single nevermore!
-[thunder rumbling]
[Glowbot beeps loudly]
[gasps] Thomas! Oh, my God! [laughs]
Is that you?
Yes, it's me, now and forever, darling.
[audience] Aw!
♪ I love being ♪
♪ Loved by you ♪
♪ Loving and loved by you ♪
♪ I love being loved by you ♪
♪ I love being... ♪
Oh, Thomas, you make me so happy.
I don't remember what life was like
before I found you.
I don't either. Literally.
Like, I don't remember anything
before two hours ago.
-[laughs]
-What's that on your finger?
I...
I don't know.
Maybe it's an engagement string.
Maybe you put it there.
And the answer is yes! [laughs]
[audience cheers]
[dance music playing]
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four.
Knees higher, girls.
[crying] Sweat those sorrows away.
That's what Griefercize is all about.
Whatever's bothering you,
just let it go.
[crying] Size 7 1/2 is always
the first size to go in any shoe sale.
-[audience laughs]
-[sobs] They canceled Charles in Charge!
That's terrible. Terrible!
And I'm in mourning for my lost daughter.
[sobbing] Savannah Rose, my baby,
my poor missing baby.
Liberty Belle, are you okay?
No!
Cool down.
[music stops]
[sobbing]
[ominous music playing]
[Liberty Belle whimpers]
[both screaming]
[audience laughs]
You! What are you doing here?
What do you mean? I have come to have
private conversation in shower with--
Oh! [laughs]
I understand. You think I am Zoya.
I am Olga, her good twin.
We are identical,
except I have foot deformity. Regard.
[gasps, panting]
What do you want from me?
I want for help rescue small baby
Savannah Rose.
Zoya keeps her in fortress guarded
by minion up tall, tall hill.
Far too tall for me to climb
with my deformity.
But you, you can go to there
and bring little daughter safe home
to bosom.
Why should I trust you?
[sighs] Well,
many years ago, in Soviet Union,
Zoya is golden child.
Comrade Brezhnev himself
say she is greatest example
of Soviet womanhood
since Nadezhda Chizhova.
Gesundheit.
Female Olympic shot put champion.
[fanfare plays]
-Ah.
-[audience laughs]
All my life, I have hated her for this.
Also, I love America!
Democracy, Coca-Cola, Walter Disney,
Mickey Rourke. Ooga!
So motivation is ideological as well.
[sighs, exclaims] Olga,
I can't thank you enough.
And after I return
my daughter safely home,
I'm going to reward you.
-Oh!
-I'm going to give you
money for an operation to fix your foot.
-What? Foot? Such a thing is possible?
-Yes.
Oh, America, God bless you!
What a country! Ha-ha!
[laughs]
[guitar plays]
[upbeat music playing]
♪ Makeover ♪
♪ Make you over ♪
♪ Makeover ♪
♪ Gonna make you over, makeover ♪
-♪ Make you over ♪
-♪ Makeover ♪
♪ Gonna make you over ♪
♪ Going to a party at LA's hottest club ♪
♪ Gonna dance all night
All my girlfriends come ♪
♪ But the guy that holds the velvet ropes
Is a real freakin' jerk ♪
♪ Says that none of them can enter
'Cause their looks need work ♪
-♪ Makeover!  ♪
-♪ Makeover! ♪
♪ Make you over ♪
-♪ Makeover!  ♪
-♪ Makeover! ♪
♪ Make you over ♪
♪ Get that hairspray flowing
Heavy on the mousse ♪
♪ Bustier on up, my friend
A sequined, tight caboose ♪
♪ Eyeliner, lip gloss,
Glitter in the hair ♪
♪ When we get out on the dance floor
All of Hollywood will stare ♪
-♪ Makeover!  ♪
-♪ Makeover! ♪
♪ Make you over ♪
-♪ Makeover!  ♪
-♪ Makeover! ♪
♪ Gonna make you over ♪
-♪ Makeover!  ♪
-♪ Makeover! ♪
♪ Make you over ♪
-♪ Makeover!  ♪
-♪ Makeover! ♪
♪ Gonna make you over ♪
-♪ Makeover!  ♪
-♪ Makeover! ♪
♪ Make you over ♪
-♪ Makeover!  ♪
-♪ Makeover! ♪
♪ Gonna make you over ♪
♪ Party, party, glitter, glamour
Makeup, fashion, did I stammer? ♪
♪ Crimped, slick, straight, or teased ♪
♪ If you got the look
You'll have them on your knees ♪
♪ Party, party, glitter, glamour
Makeup, fashion, did I stammer? ♪
♪ Crimped, slick, straight, or teased ♪
♪ If you got the look
You'll have them on your knees ♪
-[electricity crackles]
-[sighs happily]
Hello? Britannica?
-Hello.
-[teen] It's me.
Lisa, the teenager who lives next door.
I was wondering if you could help me
with my quadratic equations.
Let me see.
Hmm.
Oh.
No wonder you're having so much trouble.
There's hardly any pictures in this book.
And it's full of math.
Are you feeling okay?
Oh, yes.
I've never been better,
girl from next door.
I have a man now.
Didn't know we're expecting company.
Britannica.
Something is wrong.
[gasps]
What's that on your finger?
My engagement string.
People tie strings around their finger
when they want to remember
to do something.
[gasps]
Britannica,
what is it you're forgetting to do?
-Um...
-[Glowbot beeps]
Oh, look!
Glowbot is trying to tell us something.
[beeps]
[Glowbot whirs]
"Britannica's...
-Brian."
-[audience laughs]
Brain.
Brain...
Britannica's brain...
Brain!
Oh, this is what I was supposed
to remember.
Oh. Yeah, I just need to figure out how
to get this into this.
-Wait. Are you sure?
-[whirring]
[laughing]
[Britannica] Oh, that tickles! [gasps]
Now I remember!
The quadratic equation...
AX squared plus BX plus C equals zero!
[grunts] I'm back!
-[organ plays]
-[electricity crackles]
[thunder rumbles]
No!
This was not the deal!
You were supposed
to sacrifice something...
-precious.
-[gasps]
That is how Black Magic works.
That is why not everybody be doing it.
Ladies, ladies, ladies.
[raises voice] Enough with the yapping!
-[grunts]
-Thomas! No!
[sobbing]
You turn him back into a man right now!
If you want him that way,
you gotta fight me for it.
[dramatic music plays]
-[cackling]
-[Bash] This is it, folks.
It's science versus magic.
Britannica,
fighting for the man she loves.
Black Magic, fighting
'cause she's horrible and-- and mean.
Ladies, I want a good clean match.
No funny business, especially you, huh?
I am serious. [cackling]
[Britannica] Hmm.
-[Black Magic yells]
-[bell rings]
-[shouting]
-Here's some magic!
[Bash] A strong start for Britannica,
attacking
with her usual scientific precision.
[screams]
-[Bash] Oh!
-[audience boos]
-[slow-motion screaming]
-[Bash] Let's take a look at that again.
-Oh! What a clothesline!
-[referee, in slow-motion] Hey!
[Bash] It's going well
for this British genius.
And it looks like she's getting
that turnbuckle sandwich times two.
-[both yell]
-Britannica must really love... Thomas.
-[Britannica] Third time's a charm.
-[Bash] Throwing T-man a little smooch.
All right.
-[referee] Don't be in that corner.
-[Bash] Uh-oh.
Oh, but wait!
Black Magic's broken Thomas's arm off.
-Thomas! [groans]
-[Bash] And she's using it as a club.
Talk about using your friends against you.
-Britannica taking a whooping.
-You cannot use foreign objects--
[Bash] Wait a minute. What is that?
Some sort of magic powder?
-Here, my little pussy.
-[referee meows]
[Bash] I think she's enchanted the ref!
He thinks he's a kitten.
[Black Magic laughs]
-[referee speaking in slow motion]
-[Bash] God! She has. This is terrible!
I've never seen anything like this.
[Black Magic exhales]
[Bash] More enchantment powder.
And now Britannica seems to be
under some kind of a sleep spell.
Now.
[Bash] Black Magic taking her time
to teach this scientist a lesson.
Black Magic is working her magic
on Britannica.
[shouts]
-[Britannica yelps]
-[Bash] Oh! She's got her in a back brace.
This can only end badly. Oh!
[shouts]
[Bash] Britannica is down,
but there's no one to give the count.
The ref still thinks he's a kitten.
This is heartbreaking.
She really loved Thomas.
It just goes to show
a good mannequin is hard
to find... equin.
[Britannica cries]
[man] The Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling is
brought to you by Howard Foods.
Howard-Os. More O, less no.
Now with new caliente flavor.
-Olé!
-[plates rattle]
[calming music playing]
Hi, there.
I'm Lois Daly.
And I'm Joan Hannaford-Hobs.
And this week on Quilting Bee Easy,
we are going to show you
how to create a pioneer wedding quilt,
a truly special heirloom you can hand down
from generation to generation.
So get your batting, your binding,
and your colorways ready,
and join us Thursday at 4:30 on K-DTV.
-And remember, life may be hard,
-[both] ...but Quilting Bee Easy.
Do you miss Welfare Queen beating up
everyone in the ring?
Well, now you can take your very own
Welfare Queen doll home with you.
Limited edition for only $9.99!
[Welfare Queen] Hey there, can,
get out of my way. [grunting]
I pity this fool.
[grunts] Call now. The Queen is waiting.
-I don't like this.
-What, Machu?
Lying on our backs while Liberty Belle
is out there daughterless.
Well, you have to turn over
once every 15 minutes to get an even tan.
No, that's not what I mean.
We have to do something.
Hey, wait! I know how we can help.
[horns trumpet]
[slow ballad playing]
♪ Yesterday on the way home from school ♪
♪ A child disappeared
Why? ♪
♪ Stuff like this keeps happening ♪
♪ I think it's really weird ♪
♪ Don't these kidnappers know ♪
♪ That kidnapping is wrong? ♪
♪ Don't they know
They're making people sad? ♪
♪ How long can this go on? ♪
[all] ♪ Don't kidnap ♪
♪ Kidnapping is wrong to do ♪
♪ Don't kidnap ♪
♪ Kidnappers, we're begging you ♪
♪ Let the children run and play ♪
♪ And the ones you've got
Let them get away ♪
♪ Then go find something else to do ♪
♪ Every time I get milk for my cereal ♪
♪ There's a face on the carton looking
At me ♪
♪ It's hard to enjoy my cereal ♪
♪ Wondering if that child
Will ever be free ♪
♪ I wish these kidnappers would understand
Just how much pain they cause ♪
♪ They're just not taking children ♪
♪ They're breaking hearts and laws ♪
♪ That's why
The buddy system is important ♪
♪ If you don't want to get napped ♪
♪ When a strange man offers you candy ♪
♪ It's probably a trap ♪
♪ It's a trap ♪
[all] ♪ Don't kidnap ♪
♪ Kidnapping is wrong to do ♪
♪ Don't kidnap ♪
♪ Kidnappers, I'm begging you ♪
♪ They don't have money
To pay the ransom ♪
♪ Let the children run and play ♪
♪ And the ones you got
Let them get away ♪
♪ Then go find something else to do ♪
♪ Like sing with us ♪
♪ Don't kidnap ♪
♪ Kidnapping is wrong to do ♪
♪ Just go for a walk or something ♪
♪ Don't kidnap ♪
-♪ Kidnappers, I'm begging you ♪
-♪ They can kinda get lonely ♪
♪ Let the children run and play ♪
♪ And the ones you've got
Let them get away ♪
♪ Then go find something else to do ♪
[man] If you would like
your own copy of "Don't Kidnap,"
call us toll-free at 1-800-555-0199.
Proceeds go to Concerned Citizens
Against Kidnapping.
Sorry, no CODs.
I mean, I was expecting a lot more.
There wasn't a single real cat
in the show.
It was just people in costumes.
-[audience laughs]
-[Sheila] You're right.
It might have been tough to get real cats
to hit some of those high notes.
That's still false advertising.
Oh, sure, I'll get another drink.
[laughing]
-No, you're Mr. Mistoffelees.
-[bleats]
I'm more of a-- Ooh! ...Rum Tum Tugger.
[laughs] Okay.
Um, make yourself comfortable.
I don't do this very often.
[chuckles] You don't believe me?
No, really. I'm not like that.
[audience laughs]
-Do you like sports?
-[audience chuckles] Ooh!
Baseball? Oh, hello.
Well, that's very forward.
You know,
this is moving a little fast for me.
Maybe we should just call it a night.
-[audience gasps]
-Sir, I asked you to leave.
Sir, unhoof me.
I am your natural predator.
Do not make me do something
we'll both regret.
Do not touch me.
This is your final warning.
-[audience laughs]
-[munching loudly, moans]
I warned you.
I warned him.
[shouting]
[Savannah Rose] Mommy!
Mommy, help me!
I'm in the evil fortress!
Savannah Rose, Mommy's coming!
I tell you,
the view from this evil fortress
is just spectacular.
We are not here for the view.
We are here to guard American girl child.
That is our only job.
-I have to go to the restroom.
-Yep.
[yawns]
The air sure is thin up here
in the mountains.
Beautiful.
I didn't always want to be a terrorist.
Once, I wanted to be a dancer.
[ballroom dance music playing]
[Fortune Cookie] Beirut.
Beirut!
-[shrieks] Wake up!
-What? I blinked.
-It was just one long blink.
-[sighs]
-[clears throat]
-Look!
[dramatic orchestra music playing]
Liberty Belle!
[Savannah Rose] Mommy!
Savannah, where are you, baby?
-[Savannah Rose] Mommy, hurry!
-[grunting and panting]
[Savannah Rose] Mommy, help me!
[yells]
Hold on, Savannah, I'm coming. [grunts]
Looking for this?
[Savannah Rose, on recording]
Help me!
Where is she?
Don't worry, she's safe.
In an actual safe with air holes.
I'll give you the combination to the lock
if you defeat me in the ring.
[laughs]
[blows]
[Bash] And she's blowing the horn of war.
That means this match will be
to the death.
[bell rings]
[Bash] And here comes Liberty Belle,
wasting no time,
-but Vicky barely feels it.
-Why isn't it working?
[Bash] Practically laughing.
-[Liberty Belle shouts]
-[referee] All right! Let that hair go.
[Bash] The Viking has set course
for destruction!
-[yells]
-[Liberty Belle shouts] Get off me!
-[groans]
-[referee] Wanna quit?
[referee] Doesn't wanna quit.
Okay, let's go.
Let that hair go.
I'm gonna start counting. You heard me.
-I'm looking right at you!
-[Liberty Belle yells]
[Bash] Wow, it seems the tables
have turned
as Liberty Belle has Vicky
in the crucifix.
[shrieks] No! [grunts]
-I'm gonna Viking Vag her!
-[referee shouts indistinctly]
[referee] I can't have you
in that corner.
[referee grunts, thuds]
[Bash] And the ref topples down
like a sack of potatoes.
Ref!
-[Fortune Cookie and Beirut shriek]
-[Bash] Wait, what's going on?
Fortune Cookie and Beirut
are approaching the ring!
It's three against one!
That's not fair!
-[laughs]
-[shouting] Please!
-[groans]
-[Beirut shouts]
[Bash] This does not look good
for Liberty Belle.
-[Beirut and Fortune Cookie exclaim]
-[moans]
[Vicky cheering] Yeah!
[shouting]
[Bash] But wait! She's taking
something out of her costume.
Savannah!
-[Bash] It's a picture of Savannah Rose!
-My baby.
[Bash] Oh, what a glorious red, white,
and blue-eyed beauty she is!
[cries] My only picture.
-Give me that. Get her up.
-[Liberty Belle grunts]
[Bash] It seems
Vicky has apprehended said photo.
-[Vicky screams]
-[Bash] No! she's tearing apart the photo!
-She tore the photo!
-[slow-motion screaming]
[Bash] How could you?
-Uh-oh. Here comes payback.
-[Fortune Cookie and Beirut moaning]
-[grunts]
-[Fortune Cookie and Beirut groan]
[Bash] Oh! Oh, my God.
Things are completely turning around
for Liberty Belle.
The bad girls looking totally shocked.
They underestimated the power
of a mother's love.
[screams]
[Bash] And the bad girls topple
like a house of cards.
-What's the combination?
-[choking]
Tell me!
[gasping]
It's one, one, one, one,
one, one, two.
One, one, one, one, one, one, two.
[referee]
That's it, that's the match. Winner!
Hold on, Savannah Rose.
I'm coming for you.
[audience cheering]
[Liberty Belle]
One, one, one, one, one, one, two.
[panting] One...
one, one, one, one...
one... two.
-[upbeat music playing]
-Mommy, I missed you.
[Liberty Belle sobbing]
Oh, I missed you, too, baby girl!
And I promise, I'll never let anyone
lock you in a safe ever, ever again!
All the things I will do with new foot
once deformity's no longer.
[monitor beeping]
[Olga] Dance, have pedicure. [chuckles]
Find able-bodied lover.
Paging Mr. Mickey Rourke. [laughs]
[gasps] This operation is... symbol.
This thing I have always wanted
is freedom.
Like finally going to Moscow,
[laughs]
except is actually happening,
and, also, I have already been to Moscow.
And also, we are only two sisters,
not three sisters.
Zoya! Oh, nyet!
[Zoya grunts] Oh, da!
[speaking Russian]
[man] See, Rosalie? I told you.
It's Justine.
I mean, she's dressed as a nurse,
but it's definitely her.
-Jesus fucking Christ.
-[dramatic orchestra music playing]
[music swells]